docs: add scenario test example for legacy code (#169)
callstack/reassure: README.md

The body of the `scenario` function is using familiar React Native Testing Library methods.

> For the legacy code, related to an older version of React Native Testing Library (< `v10.1.0`), where `screen` [helper](https://callstack.github.io/react-native-testing-library/docs/api/#screen) is not available, the `scenario` function provides it as its argument:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of using a version of React Native Testing Library lower than v10.1.0, where [`screen` helper](https://callstack.github.io/react-native-testing-library/docs/api/#screen) is not available, the `scenario` function provides it as its first argument:
```
